All right. So let's check out the solution.
So for the first question,
it was asking us to create a column to say whether it's January or not.
So we'll start with,
and we can check out these examples here.
We'll start with our dataframe,
reference the index, and from the index we're going to get the level values.
Specify zero for the dates only,
and this is the month attribute.
So when the month is equal to one for January,
this expression is now a series of Booleans,
and we can just convert that into integer.
So we'll do something similar for December.
To determine when is December,
we start with our dataframe,
reference its index, get level values,
zero for the dates.
This is the month attribute.
When the month is equal to 12 for December,
this is now a series of Booleans.
So we'll convert that to integers and add these as columns to the dataframe.
Next, let's do weekday and quarter.
So here's some example code that we can look at.
You can see that the weekday,
goes from zero to four,
zero is Monday, four is Friday,
and the quarter goes from one to four.
So let's first add the weekday.
We'll start with our dataframe, index,
get level values zero for the date.weekday.
Similarly, for all factors dot index,
dot get level values zero,
dot quarter, and all factors dot index,
dot year. All right?